bills/bills.md, before:

Bills
=====

#### Summary file

The summary gives basic data about the number of bills generated in the Library Management System, separated by bill reason and library authority.

- [Download bills summary data](https://github.com/LibrariesWest/opendata/blob/master/bills/bills_summary.csv)

| Field | Description | Example |
| ----- | ----------- | ------- |
| Financial year billed | The financial year the bill record was created | 2017/2018 |
| Bill authority | The authority the bill record was created for | Somerset |
| Bill reason | The reason for the bill | HOLD |
| Number of bills | The number of bills included in this grouping | 5 |
| Total billed | The total amount billed in pounds | 5 |

#### Detail file

For more detail use this download, the columns included are described below.

| Field | Description | Example |
| ----- | ----------- | ------- |
| Month billed | The month the bill record was created | 2017-11 |
| Bill authority | The authority the bill record was created for | Somerset |
| Bill library | The library the bill was created for | Taunton |
| Item type | The type of item that the bill record is for | ADU_FIC |
| Bill reason | The reason for the bill | HOLD |
| Number of bills | The number of bills included in this grouping | 5 |
| Total billed | The total amount billed in pounds | 5 |

Commit message:

Updating text and download links to represent latest data

bills/bills.md, after:

Bills
=====

#### Summary file

The summary includes the number of bills generated in the Library Management System, separated by bill reason and library authority.

- [View bills summary data](https://github.com/LibrariesWest/opendata/blob/master/bills/bills_summary.csv)

| Field | Description | Example |
| ----- | ----------- | ------- |
| Financial year billed | The financial year the bill record was created | 2017/2018 |
| Bill authority | The authority the bill record was created for | Somerset |
| Bill reason | The reason for the bill | HOLD |
| Number of bills | The number of bills included in this grouping | 5 |
| Total billed | The total amount billed in pounds | 5 |

#### Detail file

For more detail use this download, the columns included are described below.

- [View bills data](https://github.com/LibrariesWest/opendata/blob/master/bills/bills.csv)

| Field | Description | Example |
| ----- | ----------- | ------- |
| Month billed | The month the bill record was created | 2017-11 |
| Bill authority | The authority the bill record was created for | Somerset |
| Bill library | The library the bill was created for | Taunton |
| Item type | The type of item that the bill record is for | Adult Fiction |
| Bill reason | The reason for the bill | HOLD |
| Number of bills | The number of bills included in this grouping | 5 |
| Total billed | The total amount billed in pounds | 5 |
